The Joe Rogan experience. How often are you guys washing your keyboards?
I feel bad. Every time my son touches my computer and.
It's probably keeping them healthy.
There's so much bacteria on that board cover and they use that.
Dustin blast thing is great. I don't use any of that. Just blowing comrade.
Gross. Your kitchen tables. Gross. Everything's gross. Right?
Do you think about like homeless people touching guardrails?
It's like you go and touch that like ah, homeless people, the subway,
the subway rails must be just, oh, it's brutal. But the amount of times I've,
I've done this in New York city, like, I'll be going to put my hand on the hand.
I just don't touch handrails anymore. And I make sure that my son does it,
but I've just been putting my hand on the rail.
And then I just pick up a bugger, like a human bugger. And I'm like, okay,
my week, the story just ruined my hour
and I'm definitely, I'm definitely going to flick it.
And then it gets stuck in your thumb. You it again. It gets back on that.
Finger, something about other dudes, buggers. It's really, there's no.
Way that that would end my day and your own kids book.
I'll pick my son's nose in a heartbeat. It's just a random.
Different though. That's your own son? I mean.
He's six now you should stop.
Yeah, definitely stopped picking his nose.
How old is it when you be really concerned?
If your son is still sucking their thumb, how many years in.
I wanted to wait anymore.
And until you confirm and they go, okay, well now I know.
My son never sucked his thumb. So.
I'll give you out a kid though. If you had a boy.
Girl, if you had never said she loves second thumb, you don't have any kids.
I got a eight month old.
[Inaudible] I didn't know you were out there breeding. I am. Congratulations.
Now you become even more libertarian, correct? Yeah, but not like.
I'm an authoritarian with my baby. I make the decisions there.
That's a good move. Don't let babies call the shots.
Now that'll be just sugar and guns.
But um.
I teach a baby how to shoot a gun. If a baby could actively shoot a gun,
like, you know how much of a giant problem that would be like,
if a baby was just like, dude, yeah.
I'm feeling like I'm not enough of a libertarian because here's a gun,
go homestead. Some light.
Their body can't really hold a gun and shoot it. Right. It would go flying.
There's no way. But if they could do you know how,
what a great time they would think it would be to shoot your baby.
And you had a guy just like, don't do dude dumb, dumb. Right?
They love it. The projectiles, my son has those Nerf guns.
That's how I know he's not gay. He loves to shoot things.
And a lot of gay people that shoot things. Now that's.
How I know is not good. Like he kept shooting his friend in the face,
the other guy.
What do you think about.
Bears? So then he was hiding the bullets in his book.
If you had a bunch of bears that you, uh,
couldn't take them out to like a shotgun range and shoot clay pigeons, you know,
they was like.
15 Minutes before they started each other. Yeah.
Eventually.
Oh my God. The. But this kind of gave me so horny.
They're guys. They're just guys who like guys, they got the wacky wire,
the kids that I.
Grew. I'm sure. Yes. There are gay guys who like to do doodly dude things,
right? Oh, definitely.
But doodly do you.
Know? Not that often. I mean, how many gay friends you have that are like,
we should really go shooting guns right now. Let's go hunt.
I bet there's a bunch you want to shop and that's.
Fine. They do.
But isn't it like girls, like there's girls that are like woodsy girls,
girls want to live in the woods and. Yeah. I think.
These are exceptions.
And if you're a gay like mountainy guy and you're another mountain,
he guys probably going to have an all right life. That's also.
Hot gay mountainy guys alone. Just Bolton down the door before they bought Fox,
looking out the issue should the neighbors don't know what.
So are you fell as brothers and sisters? Brother-in-law.
What's going on?
They run a seasonal marina and then they just suck and in the off season.
I'm on the road where those two homos live. Yeah.
There's a couple of whatever it is.
There's a couple of heavy dudes living in the L fishing house.
Don't get me wrong. Great guys. Great guys.
All they do is chop with them. But.
That was the bagel boss guy. When he said that he goes,
I got a problem with gay people. He goes, just don't touch me. You know,
especially in the private area that we'll have the problem I go.
Is that what your life's worried about?
You don't want to hang out and I gave you is your property is going to start
grabbing viciously at your Dick.
Do you think that guy's, uh, he's going to stick in there.
You think he's going to be a like Joe, the plumber?
Or do you think he's going to have some legs to them? I think this is.
Going to Lenny. Dykstra is going to knock him out.
He's five, 10. He's a former. I know.
He's like he ain't got alcohol problems and, but he's got those big hands.
I saw the video of him getting arrested the other day. He's.
Going to hit the bagel boss. He left.
Tanks was fighting bagel, boss.
Boxing. No.
And then it's like, she was, you know, older now, but I mean,
he's Lenny Dykstra. He's a lunatic. He's.
Only 55.
Something like that. He looks like 70, but he's still a stocky dude,
but he's like.
Four foot eight he's I.
Mean five was he phase four.
He's really small.
I don't, you've seen that guy. I've seen, he went to one of, uh,
someone's MMA gym and he was hanging out with a bunch of fighters and he was
throwing punches and dancing around the ring. I think I want to say Matt Serra.
Was it Matt Serra. Chris Weidman yeah. He was an island guy. Yeah.
So he was out there. Uh it's like,
he's not like he doesn't have a background in martial arts. Like you could tell.
No that's over.
That really fight. And he's also at a.
Shape shape. And he said tiny little fellow.
Like a butterfly sting, like a butterfly there's no.
Yeah. There's no good. There's no learning how to fight. Getting in shape,
doing it all. Like it. Yeah. He's.
Too small.
It looks like he's been in a bunch of fist fights.
He used to be arrested language. Jack did a point his life.
I mean like shredded and you're.
Losing that strength. You're not going to leave. Even if he's out of shape,
even if.
He's, he's still a strong like boltsy guy, I'm.
Sure even a conversation it's.
Going to kill him. So he was saying they heavy, heavy on lady.
Push it off. Lenny Dykstra. Crazy. He's a.
I think there's no way. There's no integrity in celebrity boxing though.
I don't know if you could bet like a zillion dollars the top. Yeah.
That's him now. So.
He's only 55. That's crazy.
Now he's holding that. Isn't he?
It's going to be a little bit older. I just looked it up the other day.
It's now he's not that old.
He was a legit.
Wild man. Yeah. When he was that right there, he looks like my cookie. Yup.
Yeah.
Yeah. He was, that guy was a legit wild man. Look at that.
Lenny Dykstra indicted for drugs, threats, falling arrest in may who? Yeah,
he's the one.
Yes. Uber driver.
He was high on ecstasy and Coke and got into an argument with Uber driver and
then threaten his life. When the cops come, the cops come and they're like,
yeah, this guy is saying his fear for his life. He's like, well, for me, for me,
it's the place so innocent. It's hilarious. That's funny.
And then he start checking his bag and he starts freaking out about them going
through his bag.
56. Yeah. Wow. Wow. I thought he was older than that even.
Yeah. I've lived in them hard years, son ahead of celebrity fight.
Lenny Dykstra says bagel. Boss has one inch penis that was outrageous.
Click on that, please.
[inaudible] So rude.
The world we live in.
Lenny Dykstra went on Howard stern and did like, uh,
he said like he had girls come on and say how good eats.
And they were like swearing down there and then stir. It was a comic.
So he brought comedians from LA and then the comedians immediately just used it
for like a credit and then just, uh, bumped his whole thing.
So he flew them in for nothing.
That's funny. It's a crazy that he's going to hit that little guy.
Cause that's so, so wrong. I guess the little guy,
I wonder if I could just go down quick. Yeah.
Celebrity boxing. It doesn't usually get too brutal. I think, you know.
I think punch him once and it might kill him.
Bonaduce used to go for it though.
Hecky doesn't help you at all.
Heck it sometimes makes it worse because he got all this extra weight in your
head snaps more know you get, if you get head gear on,
that's more that you have to control.
Like one of the things about having a strong neck is when you get punched,
you can kind of control your head from moving around too much.
Some guys can take it better,
but if you have a head gear on it's like extra weight and your brain sloshes
around inside your head, I mean, it protects you from cuts more than anything.
This is, there's an argument that it would protect you from cuts,
but the protecting you from the thud. Cause it's not,
it's the rocking of your brain. You know? Like it's,
in some ways it's, it's a real mixed bag.
In some ways it's better to have head gear on.
Cause there's a little more cushioning. But in other ways, like it's, it makes.
It way more dangerous.
You folded it on and took it off because I was surprised you did that.
But you were like.
And if I were the head guy,
I tried to change it at the end because I started sparring with it.
And it's sucks, Dick dude, you can't breathe.
You can't say when you start grappling,
you start feeling like you're being smothered right away. No matter what,
as soon as they touch your head,
you feel like that starts moving up in your face.
So I try to get them to take it off and they wouldn't.
And then my head gear broke like in the first minute of the fight and they were
like, all right, you take it off. Cause it was a show.
So we both took off our head gear and I was like, wow.
Where's the rules. Yeah. Yeah. Head gears. A tricky thing.